(NOTE- PLACEHOLDER URLs. ALSO- MAKE SURE TO CLEAR YOUR CACHE FOR LATEST!)
Mobile:  http://phildogames.com/scratch/sust/index.html?platform=MOBILE
Desktop: http://phildogames.com/scratch/sust/index.html?platform=PC

Some notes:
  I've found a font (http://www.dafont.com/comic-book.font) that I'll use to input a bunch of the text stuff, so you shouldn't need to do any more text assets.
  I'll be adding intro/outro screens to every game, but they should be mostly text, so you're off the hook for those.
  I'm also going to be adding more reinforcment "awesome!" popups throughout all the games

Overworld:
  Intro screen (full screen image that contains logo, and a "touch to begin" or something)
  Overworld Map (approx 1008x1008, could go wider. want horizontal scrolling, not vertical)
  Building for each minigame, each in 3 states: (all of these are open to your interpretation)
    - locked    (could just be 'available' with a padlock over it)
    - available
    - completed (could just be 'available' with checkmark over it)
    examples of buildings might be:
    Bike: a building with a bunch of bike racks in front of it
    Window: mini version of in-game building
    Barrel: a residential-looking area thing
    Pavement: A parking lot (NOTES ON THIS FURTHER DOWN)
    etc...

Bike:
 -NONE-

Window:
 -NONE-

Bulb:
 -NONE-

Sweater:
 -NONE-

Barrel:
  Need "Rain Barrel" asset, and "Glowy sillhouette of Barrel" asset. (I was imagining almost a punch-out of the barrel with a strong glow. but do whatever, as long as it's attention grabbing as being "empty" and "needing to be clicked")

Pavement:
  Ok, this one we're actually changing up quite a bit.
  Rather than a road, it should be a parking lot looking thing. (apparently, porous pavement on roads isn't really a thing)
  Also, since it currently looks/feels like we're just cleaning the road by swiping it, and it takes only like 10 seconds to play, we're going to extend it.
  So, we're changing it to essentially the same game, but with 3 steps.
  It'll start with an average, old, dirty parking lot. You drag your finger around to "jackhammer" up all the pavement. Then you drag your finger around to scoop all the pavement crumbles out. Then you drag your finger to lay "porous concrete bricks". 
  We'll still keep the sizing/styling of all the assets identical. There will still be the bottom bit with the lake and the algae and the fish (even though I haven't yet implemented that part)
  What all this means in terms of assets is this:
    We need 4 assets sized exactly like the two roads you have:
    - A old, cracked, dirty parking lot paved with normal looking pavement
    - That same parking lot but busted up with the broken bits of pavement still in place all strewn about (like you just jackhammered everything but didn't scoop any of the remnants away, or like a crazy earthquake just went through it or something)
    - The parking lot with all the broken up pavement slabs removed (essentially just a pit of dirt)
    - Same parking lot with porous pavement laid. (the difference between porous/non in what you did with the roads was perfect, so feel free to keep that look)
    Also, I'm going to need
    - a jackhammer, which I will put on the player's finger while they're "busting up the road"
    - a small bulldozer or shovel or something that I will put on the player's finger while they're clearing the debris
  So yeah. The mechanics will stay the exact same ("wiping" away one asset on top of another)- we'll just have 4 stages instead of 2, and I'll put a jackhammer/shovel on the player's finger when they're doing the various things.

Wheel:
  Back of head/over shoulder look of nervous presenter (that I'll put bottom left or bottom right of screen)
  Same presenter, happy
  A bunch of rich people looking bored that I'll slowly animate leaving (exiting to the right of the screen, placed behind the wheel) (them leaving will be the timer that they have to fix the wheel in time for)
  The rich people looking happy
  An overlay of hot air coming out of building on left side of wheel, and cool air coming in from outside into building on right side of wheel.
  Same overlay, but with the wheel purpleish, and purplish air entering building after passing through the wheel, and purplish air exiting the box after coming out of the building and passing through the wheel.

  Honestly, those overlays are going to be a bit... weird. I don't know the best way to do them. If you have an idea that illustrates the differential in temperature of the air flow in a working vs non-working wheel, awesome. Otherwise we could talk more about that later?




